This is a full-stack project structured

Everything used to work correctly: create, delete, edit, update — and the UI always reflected the new data.

But now, after switching to Supabase + Render, this problem started:

❌ THE PROBLEM

When I delete/update/create an item:

The API returns success (e.g., “Item deleted”).

The DB is actually updated (record is deleted).

BUT the frontend still shows OLD DATA, even after page refresh.

Only when I redeploy or restart the Render server do the changes finally appear on the frontend.

So the issue is server caching / stale UI / stale fetch.

This affects all routes

🎯 WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO

Help me fix this in the cleanest, most stable way.

Please:

1. Inspect all the following:
data fetching methods I might be using

Any static rendering (getStaticProps)

Any server or client caching

Any Render caching

Any implicit Next.js caching

Any Express route caching

Any Supabase cache/latency issues

React Query/SWR stale cache (if used)

2. Then implement the correct fix, which may include:

Changing getStaticProps → getServerSideProps

Adding correct headers like:

res.setHeader("Cache-Control", "no-store")


Invalidating React Query cache after mutation

Ensuring Express routes send:

res.set("Cache-Control", "no-store");


Ensuring frontend fetch uses:

{ cache: "no-store" }


Ensuring Supabase queries are not cached

Ensuring Vite/Next.js dev cache is not affecting API

3. Update all relevant files:

API routes

Next.js pages

Frontend fetch functions

Admin CRUD functions

4. Write the corrected code for:

Delete API route

Update API route

Create API route

Frontend fetch

Admin Panel CRU/D functions

Next.js pages using live data

Any cache invalidation logic

5. After writing code, explain:

Why the old behavior caused stale data

Why the new changes fix the problem

How to avoid this issue in the future with Render + Supabase + Next.js

If I should use SSR or ISR

Whether I need to disable caching globally

📌 EXTRA: PLAYER RANKING LINK

I also want to replace the “Players” card on the homepage with a direct link to:

https://skippers.nrsa.com.ng

I want Replit AI to modify the component so that clicking that card opens that ranking portal.

NOW produce the complete fix with exact file changes, explanations, and final working code.